okay this is gonna be an unboxing video
take two the first take was badly
interrupted so I had already had
everything opened up in London of mine
in any case let's just open it up and
see what we have on the inside okay
first of all we have a packing slip and
let's just take a quick look at the
packing slip all right there you have
Roma Pest Alina number one clay
ballistic two-pound block $9.99 each
order two of them for a total of
nineteen ninety-eight plus $10 shipping
and handling bringing this to a total of
thirty dollars and four cents and this
quickly take a look and see the modeling
clay for the ballistic play however you
wish to describe it and this is referred
to as Roma plastilina it's Italian made
in the USA non-genuine without the
signature okay and this is two pounds of
grey green clay
ww sculpture house calm I don't believe
I've actually used that website this was
from see if we can get that right
enviroments environ molds in Far Hills
New Jersey and the particular website
that I actually bought this from was
called art molds calm and seeing as this
was listed on the invoice as number one
clay I will assume that this is the
number one listed here number one soft
for those who prefer an extremely
plastic modeling
Delina best for large work in rome
italian past alina it exclusive bus
sculpture house is available in 4
degrees of consistency this being number
one and some more information as to how
to actually work this clay always
shellac any surface to which room up
italian plastilina is to be applied this
is shows better adhesion alright so
let's just quickly open it up or one of
these kicks and take a look at it a
little closer and the reason why i'm
getting this is because i wish to do
some penetration and deformation tests
on some pellets and this is essentially
the same type of clay if i'm not
mistaken that we used to use way back
when when we were in grade school or
elementary school or whatever you like
to refer to it as if it's not the same
it's very similar to it
okay and as I said I'm gonna do this
when I'm purchasing this to try out for
use with some ballistic testing for
penetration and deformation on some
pellets alright if you guys have ever
used this ballistic clay or any modeling
clay for ballistics testing I would
definitely love to hear about your
experiences or if you have any videos
you can steer me in the right direction
cuz I remember back in the day when they
used to nice to get a lot of gun
magazines and stuff before ballistic
gels they were always using clay they
would have huge chunks of clay I mean
big chunks of clay and shoot those and
recover the bullets and I think that was
probably back in the 70s and early 80s
and that was pretty much what they used
alright as I said questions comments
concerns observations and general
discussion always welcome thanks for
watching bye bye